README.md, before:

# GeoDeepDive Global Geologic Units Application

A test application built by Daven Quinn and others
to subset data about the spatiotemporal extent of geologic units
from information contained in the GeoDeepDive database.

## Installation

You need a recent Python 3 installation and PostgreSQL to run this model locally.

Copy `credentials.yml.template` to `credentials.yml` and change values to match
your local PostgreSQL configuration.

[Test data subset from the GeoDeepDive corpus](http://geodeepdive.org/dev_subsets/interval_location_signals_partial_sample.zip)
should be downloaded from the GeoDeepDive server and extracted into the
`input` directory of this repository. Then run
`bin/run-model load-test-data` to load this data into the database.

## Executables

All of the functionality of the model can be accessed from a single
`bash` executable.

- `bin/run-model setup` installs required Python packages and
  PostGIS extensions (note: the database must be created separately).
- `bin/run-model load-test-data` provisions test data in the
  `ignimbrites_sentences_nlp352` table (optionally specifying a filename)
- `bin/run-model --all` runs the model and dumps generated tables (excluding the
  main sentences table) to the `output` directory.

All of the steps of the model can be run independently, check out
`bin/run-model --help` for details.


Check out [the wiki](https://github.com/UW-Deepdive-Infrastructure/app-template/wiki) for more information on getting started.

## License
CC-BY 4.0 International for application exceuction on GDD infrastructure applied to open access documents 

CC-BY-NC 4.0 International for application exceuction on GDD infrastructure applied to select non-open access documents

Commit message:

Added db creation info to readme

README.md, after:

# GeoDeepDive Global Geologic Units Application

A test application built by Daven Quinn and others
to subset data about the spatiotemporal extent of geologic units
from information contained in the GeoDeepDive database.

## Installation

You need a recent Python 3 installation and PostgreSQL to run this model locally.

Create a PostgreSQL database to hold the model input and output data.
A typical database creation command would be `psql -c "CREATE DATABASE global_geology_test"`

Copy `credentials.yml.template` to `credentials.yml` and change values to match
your local PostgreSQL configuration.

[Test data subset from the GeoDeepDive corpus](http://geodeepdive.org/dev_subsets/interval_location_signals_partial_sample.zip)
should be downloaded from the GeoDeepDive server and extracted into the
`input` directory of this repository. Then run
`bin/run-model load-test-data` to load this data into the database.



## Executables

All of the functionality of the model can be accessed from a single
`bash` executable.

- `bin/run-model setup` installs required Python packages and
  PostGIS extensions (note: the database must be created separately).
- `bin/run-model load-test-data` provisions test data in the
  `ignimbrites_sentences_nlp352` table (optionally specifying a filename)
- `bin/run-model --all` runs the model and dumps generated tables (excluding the
  main sentences table) to the `output` directory.

All of the steps of the model can be run independently, check out
`bin/run-model --help` for details.


Check out [the wiki](https://github.com/UW-Deepdive-Infrastructure/app-template/wiki) for more information on getting started.

## License
CC-BY 4.0 International for application exceuction on GDD infrastructure applied to open access documents 

CC-BY-NC 4.0 International for application exceuction on GDD infrastructure applied to select non-open access documents
